README.md, before:


# TradeshiftNode

Coding Challenge for Tradeshift:

  

Amazing Co's need to model how their company is structured because they do awesome stuff

  

Welcome to a study on how to make node trees in Redis!

  

------------------------------------------------------

  

Each Node is a single hash with properties:

- "id"

- "height"

- "parent"

- "root"

  

Each Node also has another object which holds its own list of children.

To avoid you the hassle of manually adding hashes and managing their children lists, I created an API call for it.

--------

**To add a node:**

CALL TYPE: POST request

Address: localhost:5000/app/api/v1.0/nodes/add

Expected:

It expects a JSON file with the following properties as a minimum:

'id'

'parent'

'root'

More properties can be added, but the parent node must exist. Height is automatically added to the new node

Security:

HTTP requests to add or modify properties require Basic Authorisation:

user = 'test'

password = 'test'

 -----------

**To get a node's children:**

CALL TYPE: GET request

Address: localhost:5000/app/api/v1.0/nodes/children/\<node>

It will return a JSON object with the list of children of \<node>

Security: NONE

  ---------

**To get descendants of a node:**

CALL TYPE: GET request

Address: localhost:5000/app/api/v1.0/nodes/offspring/\<node>/\<levels>

It will return a JSON object with lists of descendants of \<node> up to the \<level> specified, with each list corresponding to a level of descendants

Security: NONE

  -----------

**To change the parent of a node:**

CALL TYPE: PUT request

Address: localhost:5000/app/api/v1.0/nodes/parent_change

Expected:

A JSON file with the following properties:

'node' : '\<node>'

'new_parent' : 'id of node which will become the new parent of \<node>'

It will return an array for the amount of cascading changes it has done to its descendants if it executes properly, if it can't find the specified nodes, it will return an error

Security:

HTTP requests to add or modify properties require Basic Authorisation:

user = 'test'

password = 'test'

-------

## Persistence

The Redis database is writing down all commands sent to the database in an AOF file within the volume which means that even if the container hosting Redis is killed, the data will remain. If you close the container hosting the Redis DB, when you relaunch it, Redis will automatically read the AOF file and rebuild the DB based on it.

You can read more about this below:

[https://redis.io/topics/persistence](https://redis.io/topics/persistence)

Commit message:

Adding a tiny description for Unit Testing

README.md, after:


# TradeshiftNode

Coding Challenge for Tradeshift:

  

Amazing Co's need to model how their company is structured because they do awesome stuff

  

Welcome to a study on how to make node trees in Redis!

  

------------------------------------------------------

  

Each Node is a single hash with properties:

- "id"

- "height"

- "parent"

- "root"

  

Each Node also has another object which holds its own list of children.

To avoid you the hassle of manually adding hashes and managing their children lists, I created an API call for it.

--------

**To add a node:**

CALL TYPE: POST request

Address: localhost:5000/app/api/v1.0/nodes/add

Expected:

It expects a JSON file with the following properties as a minimum:

'id'

'parent'

'root'

More properties can be added, but the parent node must exist. Height is automatically added to the new node

Security:

HTTP requests to add or modify properties require Basic Authorisation:

user = 'test'

password = 'test'

 -----------

**To get a node's children:**

CALL TYPE: GET request

Address: localhost:5000/app/api/v1.0/nodes/children/\<node>

It will return a JSON object with the list of children of \<node>

Security: NONE

  ---------

**To get descendants of a node:**

CALL TYPE: GET request

Address: localhost:5000/app/api/v1.0/nodes/offspring/\<node>/\<levels>

It will return a JSON object with lists of descendants of \<node> up to the \<level> specified, with each list corresponding to a level of descendants

Security: NONE

  -----------

**To change the parent of a node:**

CALL TYPE: PUT request

Address: localhost:5000/app/api/v1.0/nodes/parent_change

Expected:

A JSON file with the following properties:

'node' : '\<node>'

'new_parent' : 'id of node which will become the new parent of \<node>'

It will return an array for the amount of cascading changes it has done to its descendants if it executes properly, if it can't find the specified nodes, it will return an error

Security:

HTTP requests to add or modify properties require Basic Authorisation:

user = 'test'

password = 'test'

-------

## Unit Testing

I have not done the full suite of Unit Test I would have liked. I have taken some tests to fix previous errors in implementation, though I'm sure more issues are around, I just haven't gotten round to fixing them. Testing has been done using PyTest (sort of as I haven't migrated to the nicer architecture of it) in PyCharm and is run against a local copy of the Redis database and API.

-------

## Persistence

The Redis database is writing down all commands sent to the database in an AOF file within the volume which means that even if the container hosting Redis is killed, the data will remain. If you close the container hosting the Redis DB, when you relaunch it, Redis will automatically read the AOF file and rebuild the DB based on it.

You can read more about this below:

[https://redis.io/topics/persistence](https://redis.io/topics/persistence)
